src/motivanki/config_template.md, before:

<center><div style="vertical-align:middle;"> <a href="https://www.ankingmed.com"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/AnKingSmall.png"> </a> <a href="https://www.ankingmed.com"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/TheAnKing.png"> </a> </div></center>

<center> <a href="https://www.facebook.com/ankingmed"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Facebook.jpg"> </a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/ankingmed"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Instagram.jpg"> </a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/theanking"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/YouTube.jpg"> </a> </center>

<center>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/ankingmed">
<img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Patreon.jpg">
</a>
</center>

---

<div style="color: #4297F9;"><b>If you enjoy this add-on or want individualized Anki help, please consider supporting us!</b></div>

<hr>

- **Quote:** Type your quotes here using html style. For example, if you want to add a line break, use "&lt;br&gt;"
  - You can add as many quotes as you want separated by commas and it will randomly shuffle through them every time you go back to the main screen

Commit message:

Added the option to have the quote update daily

src/motivanki/config_template.md, after:

<center><div style="vertical-align:middle;"> <a href="https://www.ankingmed.com"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/AnKingSmall.png"> </a> <a href="https://www.ankingmed.com"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/TheAnKing.png"> </a> </div></center>

<center> <a href="https://www.facebook.com/ankingmed"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Facebook.jpg"> </a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/ankingmed"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Instagram.jpg"> </a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/theanking"> <img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/YouTube.jpg"> </a> </center>

<center>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/ankingmed">
<img src="../../addons21/ADDON_DIR_NAME/resources/Patreon.jpg">
</a>
</center>

---

<div style="color: #4297F9;"><b>If you enjoy this add-on or want individualized Anki help, please consider supporting us!</b></div>

<hr>

- **Quote:** Type your quotes here using html style. For example, if you want to add a line break, use "&lt;br&gt;"
  - You can add as many quotes as you want separated by commas and it will randomly select one every time you go back
  to the main screen, or every day depending on **update daily**
- **Update Daily:**
  - false: the quote is randomly selected every time the main screen is refreshed
  - true: the quote is randomly selected every day
